docs: added programs/orgUnits endpoint description [DHIS2-10509] (#627)
dhis2/dhis2-docs: src/commonmark/en/content/developer/web-api/metadata.md

</tbody>
</table>

### Get organisation units by programs

<!--DHIS2-SECTION-ID:webapi_organisation_units_by_programs-->

> There's a special ad-hoc endpoint built to retrieve associations between Programs and Organisation Units. This should be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Purpose-built endpoint to retrieve associations between Programs and Organisation Units. This endpoint is
```

> the preferred way to retrieve programs that are either:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the preferred way to retrieve program org unit associations.
```

> - unassigned to any organisation units 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> - assigned explicitly to org units within the scope of logged in user capture scope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
I think these two bullets are redundant, as they cover all the known use cases.

    /api/33/programs/orgUnits?programs=<programUid,anotherProgramUid,...>

responses will have the following format:

    {
        "<programUid>": [

>             "<orgUnitUid_1>",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            "<orgUnitUid>",
```

>             "<orgUnitUid_2>",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            "<orgUnitUid>",
```

            ...,

>             "<orgUnitUid_n>"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            "<orgUnitUid>"
```

        ],

>         "<anotherProgramUid>": [

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "<programUid>": [
```

>             "<orgUnitUid_1>",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            "<orgUnitUid>",
```

>             "<orgUnitUid_2>",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            "<orgUnitUid>",
```

            ...,

>             "<orgUnitUid_n>"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            "<orgUnitUid>"
```

        ],
        "...": [
            ...,
            ...
        ],

>         "<yetAnotherProgramUid>": []

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "<programUid>": []
```

    }

> programs with no associated uids (hence accessible by all orgUnits) are returned with an empty array [] of orgUnits.

Reviewer: Question not directly relevant to the docs, but to the code - is this the same functionality that we see in the old programs endpoint?

Author: when the old endpoint was invoked to retrieve program/org units associations (with restrictToCaptureScope=true), the response was the same, in the meaning that for each program, the two endpoints returns the same orgUnits associations. The shape of the responses is different though.
